hey guys this is super I Channel and
today we're going to look at all of
zulus upgrades and yes he has a turkey
head on him his first attack is he
summons a bird to go after and I mean
he's pretty much you shoot him then he
summons a wolf to attack enemies that is
why attack his third one he gets is he
gets a ride on a wild boar and then hit
this upgrade let it's the board do more
damage
this upgrade lets the birds attack again
once they hit an enemy pretty much I
attack and then swoop around and come
right back in attack again this upgrade
lets the birds do more damage path up
here upgrades the wild boar the one down
here I chose upgrades the wolf this
upgrade this path upgrade lets the wolf
ally have increased damage and more
health this one lets the wolf gain
increased attack and speed each time it
attacks and this one lets the wolf find
food for you if you're low on health and
then as soul gem let's zoo Lu summon up
to five Birds and release to send a wave
of them stage one so to show you who's
bird attack
birds flying at enemy's gonna stronger
enemy comes the double attack will be
doing straight all right there and then
they come back and attack again let's
show you his wolf it's black from the
upgrades it's first dream he'll like a
dark green because it as you see each
time he attacks he gets faster and
faster for each time he attacks he's
dead now let's look at his wild boar
pretty much I like to call it the
piggyback ride
it's normal damage is 3/4 so if you just
want to go through enemies once again if
they're in their way you can just do
this and of course if you just want to
be overpowered just do this oh yeah I
forgot to mention his wild boar takes a
lot of a charge the whole time
anyways I gather around you
let me just get myself blowin hill so I
can show you what in the wolf gets food
for you
his enemies we're supposed to be hard we
just get rid of a few of them just have
one so that there's not too much to
handle
just one person that's good enough he
digs and he brings me up he does
thank you good little buddy you will be
written in history
now fetch this food be our amazing
animal calories
oh yeah I forgot to do the school gym
sorry
he summons just by birds and let you
release it he sends them
oh you can also do it writing before I
never knew that
I wonder can the birds still reloop to
someone if they do this well I'll do it
while they don't have the shields on Oh
I never noticed that it locks on the
people see that little marker above his
head
that means he's locked on to him and the
birds will fly straight at it gives very
cool powers so I think you should get up
if you're ever second a level well
they'll be the end of this video hope
you enjoyed it look at our other paths
upgrade videos that we did or stay tuned
for more that we'll do in the future
bring out all of stars and see her first
time use the blade slash let you attack
any first to take you get shooter